Fix rendering #38 (#39)
jreiberkyle/jupyterscad: CONTRIBUTING.md

This repository uses [Nox](https://nox.thea.codes/) to automate development.

> Nox is based on [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) so ensure you have this installed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nox scripts used in this project are based on [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) so ensure you have this installed. 
```
